OBJECTIVE/AIM-
The main aim of this program is to provide complete information to the users about the recharge vouchers and all the others plan through programming provided by the telecom companies. 

INTRODUCTION-
This program basically gives a brief as well as a complete description about the different recharge coupons and all the special offers provided by a telecom company to all the users or some specified users.
As an example if a customer wants to recharge his cell-phone but don’t know about the exact amount of recharge coupons and how much talk time will be given to him than he can easily know all the tariff  plans and all the services provided by the company to the user , recharge coupon’s price and talk time as well as.
As we have tried our best to make this program flexible and user friendly so that anyone can access this easily. This program provides you all the different options to know about what are you looking for. Like if you are looking for night’s plan only than it’ll provide such an option so that you can get all the information regarding to the night tariff only. So overall we can say that this program may be very useful for any customer who is looking for recharge vouchers and other schemes as well as.   
USEFULNESS-
We think that this program may be very useful to know the entire plans of recharge vouchers. It gives all the information about recharge coupons so any one can first find his choice and then, he can recharge his cell according to his choice. This will reduce the extra time of shopkeepers which they waste to provide the information of recharge coupons to the customers.

CONCLUSION-
So finally we can say that this is a program which provide any user a lots of information about tariff plans and recharge vouchers. Customer can easily choose their plans. They’ll not have any need of asking about the recharge plans to the shopkeepers.

RESOURCES -  

•	Ebook -Introduction to Unix BY Frank G. Fiamingo
•	Learning the vi editor
•	http://steve-parker.org/sh/functions.shtml
•	http://www-stat.wharton.upenn.edu/~buja/STAT-540/shell-Bourne-An-Introduction-to-the-Unix-Shell.htm
